Improves 'patterns-and-guards' documentation page (#10065)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/patterns-and-guards.md

In the examples above, we have used the match operator (`=`) and function clauses to showcase patterns and guards respectively. Here is the list of the built-in constructs in Elixir that support patterns and guards.

>   * the match operator (`=`) intentionally does _not_ support guards:

Reviewer: I think the word intentional is a bit weird here. I believe the word exception makes sense, because we just said that these are the constructs that support them. Alternatively we can move this particular note to the bottom.

Author: The disadvantage of using the word 'exceptionally' is that it makes it look like it might have to do with exceptions.

I agree that it makes sense to move this note down to the bottom.

  * [`try`](`try/1`) supports patterns and guards on `catch` and `else`

  * [`receive`](`receive/1`) supports patterns and guards to match on the received messages.

  * custom guards can also be defined with `defguard/1` and `defguardp/1`. A custom guard can only be defined based on existing guards.
  
  

> Finally, the the match operator (`=`) does _not_ support guards:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the match operator (`=`) does *not* support guards:
```
